Data Structure Visualization:

   An Android application programed in Java used for learning purposes. There are two main functions to this app:
   The first one is to view short animations that show how certain algorithms effect data structures. The current data structures it supports are arrays, linked lists, stacks, queues, hashes, trees, and graphs. The animations, presented as of now show the insertion of data in order if applicable. There is also an animation that shows how to traverse a graph in the cheapest order. 
   The second functionality of the application is to compare time complexities in nanoseconds for sorting, searching, inserting, and deleting for each data structure. When non-applicable, I transfer the data to a List, perform the intended algorithm, and transfer the data back to the correct data structure.


Infected Mushroom Game:

   A 2D platformer made in Unity, programmed in C#. The music and style of this game is taken from and inspired by the band infected mushroom. The goal is to reach the spray can with at least one of three lives, and before the song ends. This was a team based project. The parts I was in charge of was level design and UI.


Solar System Project:

   A model of the solar system programmed in C++ with the openGL Framework. This project has 2 modes. One mode for viewing purposes in which the distances and sizes of the planets are on a strange scaling more for user friendliness than exactness. The second mode is for accuracy. The size, distances, and orbits are accurately scaled down to get an faithful depiction of our solar system. This mode is not practical for viewing.

Metroid-Vania:
A Metroid-Vania inspired game with strong emphasis on action and exploring to find new areas and power-ups. I am in love with the genre and wanted to make see what I could add to it. Being a solo project, I have been responsible for designing every aspect from the level design to the scripting, to creating art aspects. This is by far my most ambition and most passionate project to date.
Play the working demo here:
https://simmer.io/@bluesheepllama/metroid-vania#.XLudmmN7ifk.email

Website:
https://mitchelldennen.carrd.co/

Projects on my website:

Super Space Party:
Super Space Party - Fun Time Meme Extravaganza 69-420-Boss Explosion Mode is a casual game to take a stab at a variety of minigames to beat your highscore.
From being a survivor of your space ship crash, you must complete various games to get the parts for your ship to find your way home.
Different games with various objectives and challenges.
-8 different minigames to add to your score
-Sick custom soundtracks
-Can you beat your highscore?

Crowded:

Crowded is a casual game that lets you work your way toward a promotion by guiding new interns.
Use the joystick to move around the office. The interns will follow you. But don't let any of them get lost!
-7 Fast-paced and exciting levels.
-Face obstacles like dangerously jammed printers and difficult coworkers.
-Meet a diverse and funny cast of office cohorts.
-Fight literal boss battles.
-Collect new interns as you win levels.
Only you can help these interns succeed! Ready to earn a promotion?
Crowded is designed by House Warrior Studios.

Oh Apollo:
Apollo has been cast down by Zues. Find the missing pieces of your chariot and retake your rightful place as God of the Sun, in this gamejam game made in 48 hours.
https://npeck.itch.io/ohapollo

Bob's Mysteriously Secret Journey:
A gamejam game taken over the course of 48 hour created in unity. Combining an artists H.R. Giger inspired style to my experience in Unity, we created a sureal labyrnth puzzle solving game, about finding your destiny.
Play this game here:
https://simmer.io/@bluesheepllama/mino-s-mysteriously-secret-journey